Feature/56 add azure docs (#59)
tamu-edu/it-cloud-docs: src/cloud/azure/network/network.md

- **Network Segmentation**: Security groups are configured to block all inbound traffic by default. This means that resources in the spoke VNets are not directly accessible by other networks, and that all inbound traffic must be explicitly allowed. This helps to reduce the attack surface of your resources and to prevent unauthorized access.

Because of these features and the network design, the process for creating and configuring resources in your Azure environment will be different than what you may be used to in other Azure environments without a managed network. Refer to the [Azure Network Design](design.md) page for more details about the network design and how to work with it when deploying your resources. If you have any questions or need assistance with designing your network architecture, please contact the Cloud Services team for guidance and support.

> [!NOTE]

> > You may be familiar with [our AWS network design](https://docs.cloud.tamu.edu/cloud/aws/networking.html), which shares the same goals, but each has an approach that is unique to its underlying cloud platform.

Author: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> You may be familiar with [our AWS network design](../../aws/networking.md), which shares the same goals, but each has an approach that is unique to its underlying cloud platform.
```

See [Services Configuration](services.md) for how to connect specific Azure services to the TAMU-managed network.

### Accessing Resources

Resources that are connected to the TAMU-managed network will not be directly accessible from the internet, so you will need to use one of the approved access methods to connect to your resources.

For IaaS resources (such as virtual machines), or PaaS services with private endpoints (such as SQL Server), you can use the campus network or Campus VPN service to connect to your resources securely on their private IP addresses.

See [Access Methods](access_methods.md) for more details on how to access your resources.

When internet access is required, such as for public web applications, you can submit a request to the Cloud Services team to set up Azure Front Door or Azure Firewall to allow secure access to your resources from the internet. See [Services Configuration](services.md) for more details on how to set this up for specific services.

## Alternatives / Exceptions

> If you have a specific use case that requires a different network design or a feature or service that is not yet implemented, please contact the Cloud Engineering team to discuss your requirements. We will work with you to understand and accommodate your needs while maintaining the security and integrity of the TAMU network.

Author: ```suggestion
If you have a specific use case that requires a different network design or a feature or service that is not yet implemented, please contact the Cloud Services team to discuss your requirements. We will work with you to understand and accommodate your needs while maintaining the security and integrity of the TAMU network.
```
